# AdBlock by Crazy Anonymous

# Expires: 1 Day (Update Every Day)

# If any issue, please email me (crazyanonymous@tuta.io)

# date 5/23/2025
# note 
# abt

# static 
# dynamic
# script
# ads
# pagead 
# partnerads
# hosts
# Ads
# AdBlocking - PNG
||abptestpages.org/testfiles/blocking/full-path.png
/testfiles/blocking/partial-path/
/testfiles/blocking/wildcard/*/wildcard.png
/testfiles/blocking/dynamic.png
||subdomain.abptestpages.org/testfiles/blocking/subdomain.png
# Amazon
advertising-api-eu.amazon.com
adtago.s3.amazonaws.com
analyticsengine.s3.amazonaws.com
analytics.s3.amazonaws.com 
advice-ads.s3.amazonaws.com 
# Google Ads
pagead2.googlesyndication.com 
pagead2.googleadservices.com
adservice.google.com
afs.googlesyndication.com
# Doubleclick.net
stats.g.doubleclick.net
ad.doubleclick.net
static.doubleclick.net
m.doubleclick.net
mediavisor.doubleclick.net
# Adcolony
ads30.adcolony.com
adc3-launch.adcolony.com
events3alt.adcolony.com
wd.adcolony.com
Media.net
static.media.net
media.net
adservetx.media.net
# Analytics
# Google Analytics
google-analytics.com
ssl.google-analytics.com
click.googleanalytics.com
analytics.google.com
# Hotjar
adm.hotjar.com
identify.hotjar.com
insights.hotjar.com
script.hotjar.com
surveys.hotjar.com
careers.hotjar.com
events.hotjar.io
# MouseFlow
mouseflow.com
cdn.mouseflow.com
o2.mouseflow.com
gtm.mouseflow.com
api.mouseflow.com
tools.mouseflow.com
cdn-test.mouseflow.com
# FreshWorks
freshmarketer.com
claritybt.freshmarketer.com
fwtracks.freshmarketer.com
# Luckyorange
luckyorange.com
api.luckyorange.com
realtime.luckyorange.com
cdn.luckyorange.com
w1.luckyorange.com 
upload.luckyorange.net
cs.luckyorange.net
settings.luckyorange.net
# Stats WP Plugin
stats.wp.com
# Error Trackers
# Bugsnag
sessions.bugsnag.com
notify.bugsnag.com
api.bugsnag.com
app.bugsnag.com
# Sentry
browser.sentry-cdn.com
app.getsentry.com
# Social Trackers

# Facebook
pixel.facebook.com
an.facebook.com
# Twitter
:: static.ads-twitter.com
ads-api.twitter.com
# LinkedIn
ads.linkedin.com 
analytics.pointdrive.linkedin.com
# Pinterest
ads.pinterest.com
log.pinterest.com
analytics.pinterest.com
trk.pinterest.com
# Reddit
events.redditmedia.com
events.reddit.com
# YouTube
ads.youtube.com
# TikTok
log.byteoversea.com
analytics.tiktok.com
ads-api.tiktok.com
business-api.tiktok.com
analytics-sg.tiktok.com
ads-sg.tiktok.com
ads.tiktok.com
# Mix
# Yahoo
analytics.yahoo.com
geo.yahoo.com
udc.yahoo.com
analytics.query.yahoo.com
ads.yahoo.com
udcm.yahoo.com
log.fc.yahoo.com
partnerads.ysm.yahoo.com
:gemini.yahoo.com
adtech.yahooinc.com
# Yandex
adfstat.yandex.ru
offerwall.yandex.net
appmetrica.yandex.ru
metrika.yandex.ru
adfox.yandex.ru
extmaps-api.yandex.net
# Unity
auction.unityads.unity3d.com
webview.unityads.unity3d.com
config.unityads.unity3d.com
adserver.unityads.unity3d.com
# OEMs
# Realme
iot-eu-logser.realme.com
iot-logser.realme.com
bdapi-ads.realmemobile.com
bdapi-in-ads.realmemobile.com
# Xiaomi
api.ad.xiaomi.com
data.mistat.xiaomi.com
data.mistat.india.xiaomi.com
data.mistat.rus.xiaomi.com
sdkconfig.ad.xiaomi.com
sdkconfig.ad.intl.xiaomi.com
tracking.rus.miui.com
# Oppo
adsfs.oppomobile.com
adx.ads.oppomobile.com
ck.ads.oppomobile.com
data.ads.oppomobile.com
# Huawei
metrics.data.hicloud.com
metrics2.data.hicloud.com
grs.hicloud.com
logservice.hicloud.com
logservice1.hicloud.com
logbak.hicloud.com
# OnePlus
click.oneplus.cn
open.oneplus.net
# Samsung
samsungads.com
smetrics.samsung.com
nmetrics.samsung.com
samsung-com.112.2o7.net
analytics-api.samsunghealthcn.com
# Apple
advertising.apple.com
metrics.mzstatic.com
metrics.icloud.com
weather-analytics-events.apple.com
books-analytics-events.apple.com
notes-analytics-events.apple.com
api-adservices.apple.com
iadsdk.apple.com
# TikTok
ads-api.tiktok.com
ads-sg.tiktok.com
business-api.tiktok.com
ads.tiktok.com
# Pinterest Ads
ads.pinterest.com
analytics.pinterest.com
widgets.pinterest.com
# Ad Script
ads.js
pageads.js
# Dynamic Ads
d3ward.github.io.textads
d3ward.github.io.adbox.banner_ads.adsbox
*/pagead.js$domain=d3ward.github.io
*/widget/ads.
#Trackers
udp://tracker.opentrackr.org:1337/announce

http://tracker.opentrackr.org:1337/announce

udp://open.demonii.com:1337/announce

udp://open.stealth.si:80/announce

udp://tracker.torrent.eu.org:451/announce

udp://exodus.desync.com:6969/announce

udp://tracker.skyts.net:6969/announce

udp://tracker.bittor.pw:1337/announce

udp://open.free-tracker.ga:6969/announce

udp://explodie.org:6969/announce

udp://discord.heihachi.pw:6969/announce

http://www.torrentsnipe.info:2701/announce

http://www.genesis-sp.org:2710/announce

http://tracker810.xyz:11450/announce

http://tracker.xiaoduola.xyz:6969/announce

http://tracker.skyts.net:6969/announce

http://tracker.sbsub.com:2710/announce

http://tracker.lintk.me:2710/announce

http://tracker.ipv6tracker.org:80/announce

http://tracker.corpscorp.online:80/announce

http://tracker.bz:80/announce

http://t.jaekr.sh:6969/announce

http://shubt.net:2710/announce

http://share.hkg-fansub.info:80/announce.php

http://retracker.spark-rostov.ru:80/announce

http://open.trackerlist.xyz:80/announce

http://home.yxgz.club:6969/announce

http://highteahop.top:6960/announce

http://finbytes.org:80/announce.php

http://buny.uk:6969/announce

http://bt1.xxxxbt.cc:6969/announce

http://bt.poletracker.org:2710/announce

http://0123456789nonexistent.com:80/announce

udp://wepzone.net:6969/announce

udp://ttk2.nbaonlineservice.com:6969/announce

udp://tracker2.dler.org:80/announce

udp://tracker.tryhackx.org:6969/announce

udp://tracker.tiny-vps.com:6969/announce

udp://tracker.therarbg.to:6969/announce

udp://tracker.srv00.com:6969/announce

udp://tracker.qu.ax:6969/announce

udp://tracker.ololosh.space:6969/announce

udp://tracker.gmi.gd:6969/announce

udp://tracker.gigantino.net:6969/announce

udp://tracker.fnix.net:6969/announce

udp://tracker.filemail.com:6969/announce

udp://tracker.dler.org:6969/announce

udp://tracker.deadorbit.nl:6969/announce

udp://tracker.darkness.services:6969/announce

udp://tracker.0x7c0.com:6969/announce

udp://tracker-udp.gbitt.info:80/announce

udp://t.overflow.biz:6969/announce

udp://retracker01-msk-virt.corbina.net:80/announce

udp://retracker.lanta.me:2710/announce

udp://p4p.arenabg.com:1337/announce

udp://opentracker.io:6969/announce

udp://open.dstud.io:6969/announce

udp://martin-gebhardt.eu:25/announce

udp://leet-tracker.moe:1337/announce

udp://isk.richardsw.club:6969/announce

udp://ipv4announce.sktorrent.eu:6969/announce

udp://evan.im:6969/announce

udp://d40969.acod.regrucolo.ru:6969/announce

udp://bt.ktrackers.com:6666/announce

udp://bittorrent-tracker.e-n-c-r-y-p-t.net:1337/announce

https://tracker.zhuqiy.top:443/announce

https://tracker.yemekyedim.com:443/announce

https://tracker.moeblog.cn:443/announce

https://tracker.linvk.com:443/announce

https://tracker.ghostchu-services.top:443/announce

https://tracker.expli.top:443/announce

https://tracker.bt4g.com:443/announce

https://tr.zukizuki.org:443/announce

https://tr.nyacat.pw:443/announce

https://sparkle.ghostchu-services.top:443/announce

http://wepzone.net:6969/announce

http://tracker2.dler.org:80/announce

http://tracker.zhuqiy.top:80/announce

http://tracker.vanitycore.co:6969/announce

http://tracker.renfei.net:8080/announce

http://tracker.qu.ax:6969/announce

http://tracker.mywaifu.best:6969/announce

http://tracker.moxing.party:6969/announce

http://tracker.ghostchu-services.top:80/announce

http://tracker.dmcomic.org:2710/announce

http://tracker.dler.org:6969/announce

http://tracker.dler.com:6969/announce

http://tracker.darkness.services:6969/announce

http://tracker.bt4g.com:2095/announce

http://tracker.bt-hash.com:80/announce

http://tracker.bittor.pw:1337/announce

http://tr.nyacat.pw:80/announce

http://taciturn-shadow.spb.ru:6969/announce

http://t.overflow.biz:6969/announce

http://servandroidkino.ru:80/announce

http://seeders-paradise.org:80/announce

http://region.nl1.privex.cc:6969/announce

http://p4p.arenabg.com:1337/announce

http://bittorrent-tracker.e-n-c-r-y-p-t.net:1337/announce

http://0d.kebhana.mx:443/announce

udp://tracker.torrust-demo.com:6969/announce

udp://tracker.ddunlimited.net:6969/announce

udp://tr4ck3r.duckdns.org:6969/announce

udp://p2p.publictracker.xyz:6969/announce

udp://ipv4.rer.lol:2710/announce

udp://concen.org:6969/announce

udp://bt.rer.lol:6969/announce

udp://bt.rer.lol:2710/announce

udp://bandito.byterunner.io:6969/announce

https://tracker.pmman.tech:443/announce

https://tracker.lilithraws.org:443/announce

https://tracker.leechshield.link:443/announce

https://tracker.itscraftsoftware.my.id:443/announce

https://tracker.gcrenwp.top:443/announce

http://tracker1.itzmx.com:8080/announce

http://tracker.waaa.moe:6969/announce

http://tracker.23794.top:6969/announce

http://1337.abcvg.info:80/announce
#Blacklist
https://tr.highstar.shop:443/announce # detected by antivirus software
http://btracker.top:11451/announce # detected by antivirus software
https://tr.fuckbitcoin.xyz:443/announce # detected by antivirus software
https://tracker.jiesen.life:8443/announce # detected by antivirus software
http://p2p.0g.cx:6969/announce # detected by antivirus software
http://bt-club.ws/announce # error
http://open.touki.ru/announce.php # malfunction
udp://anidex.moe:6969/announce # malfunction
http://open.touki.ru/announce # malfunction
http://torrentsmd.com:8080/announce # malfunction
http://irrenhaus.dyndns.dk:80/announce.php # malfunction
http://carbon-bonsai-621.appspot.com/announce # malfunction
https://carbon-bonsai-621.appspot.com/announce # malfunction
https://academic-p2p.appspot.com/announce # malfunction
http://bt.okmp3.ru:2710/announce # fake seeds
udp://tracker.breizh.pm:6969/announce # requested by sysadmin
http://tracker.breizh.pm:6969/announce # requested by sysadmin
http://tracker2.postman.i2p/announce.php # registered torrents
http://ehtracker.org:80/1/announce # registered torrents
http://www.megatorrents.kg:80/announce.php # registered torrents
https://tracker.monikadesign.uk:443/announce # registered torrents
http://bt.beatrice-raws.org:80/announce # registered torrents
https://bt.beatrice-raws.org:443/announce # registered torrents
http://anidex.moe:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://bt.nnm-club.info:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://bt02.nnm-club.cc:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://bt02.nnm-club.info:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.xfapi.top:7070/announce # registered torrents
https://torrents.linuxmint.com:443/announce.php # registered torrents
http://torrents.linuxmint.com:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://ed2k.vip:7070/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.ddunlimited.net:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.linkomanija.org:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://torrent.rus.ec:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.shittyurl.org:80/announce # registered torrents
https://tracker.shittyurl.org:443/announce # registered torrents
http://announce.partis.si:80/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.xdvdz.com:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://60-fps.org:80/bt/announce.php # registered torrents
http://alltorrents.net:80/bt/announce.php # registered torrents
http://beertracker.ml:80/announce # registered torrents
http://btx.anifilm.tv:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://bt.ali213.net:8080/announce # registered torrents
http://freerainbowtables.com:6969/announce # registered torrents
https://tracker.acgnx.se:443/announce # registered torrents
http://www.freerainbowtables.com:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://www.legittorrents.info:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://bttracker.debian.org:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.frozen-layer.net:6969/announce.php # registered torrents
udp://git.vulnix.sh:6969/announce # registered torrents
udp://tracker.vulnix.sh:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://kaztorka.org:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://music-torrent.net:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://mixfiend.com:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://bt.unionpeer.org:777/announce # registered torrents
http://www.tvnihon.com:6969/announce # registered torrents
udp://tracker.tricitytorrents.com:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.tricitytorrents.com:2710/announce # registered torrents
https://torrent.ubuntu.com/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.gcvchp.com:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.fdn.fr:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://torrent.ubuntu.com:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.acgnx.se:80/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.anirena.com:80/announce # registered torrents
http://siambit.com/announce.php # registered torrents
http://bt.edwardk.info:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://xbtrutor.com:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://datascene.net/announce.php # registered torrents
http://deviloid.net:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://elitezones.ro/announce.php # registered torrents
http://tracker.frozen-layer.net:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://opentracker.acgnx.se:80/announce # registered torrents
http://sukebei.tracker.wf:8888/announce # registered torrents
https://opentracker.acgnx.se:443/announce # registered torrents
http://bt2.54new.com:8080/announce # registered torrents
http://bt-tracker.gamexp.ru:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.vraphim.com:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://www.elitezones.ro/announce.php # registered torrents
http://funfile.org:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://potuk.com:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://tehconnection.eu:2790/announce # registered torrents
http://torrents-nn.cn:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.baltracker.net:3390/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.funfile.org:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.pussytorrents.org:3000/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.torrentleech.org:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://www.bit-hdtv.com:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://www.blackcats-games.net:2228/announce # registered torrents
http://bt.beatrice-raws.org:80/announce # registered torrents
http://nyaa.tracker.wf:7777/announce # registered torrents
http://bt.hliang.com:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://bt.zlofenix.org:81/announce # registered torrents
http://hdreactor.org:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://mixfiend.com/announce.php # registered torrents
http://mvgroup.org:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.36dm.com:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.ali213.net:8080/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.mininova.org/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.tntvillage.scambioetico.org:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.torrenty.org:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://www.mvgroup.org:2710/announce # registered torrents
udp://tracker.tntvillage.scambioetico.org:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://anidex.moe:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://www.tribalmixes.com/announce.php # registered torrents
http://all4nothin.net/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.all4nothin.net/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.xwt-classics.net/announce.php # registered torrents
http://big-boss-tracker.net/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.thevault.bz:2810/announce # registered torrents
http://www.theplace.bz:2910/announce # registered torrents
http://www.theoccult.bz:3010/announce # registered torrents
http://www.thegeeks.bz:3210/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.theempire.bz:3110/announce # registered torrents
http://a.leopard-raws.org:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://bt1.archive.org:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://bt2.archive.org:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://torrent.arjlover.net:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://tr.bangumi.moe:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.tasvideos.org:6969/announce # registered torrents
https://tr.bangumi.moe:9696/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.minglong.org:8080/announce # registered torrents
http://torrent-team.net/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.shnflac.net/announce.php # registered torrents
http://tracker.gigatorrents.ws:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.torrentbytes.net/announce.php # registered torrents
http://masters-tb.com/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.learnbits.me/announce.php # registered torrents
http://bithq.org/announce.php # registered torrents
http://torrentzilla.org/announce # registered torrents
http://torrentzilla.org/announce.php # registered torrents
http://blackz.ro/announce.php # registered torrents
http://finbytes.org/announce.php # registered torrents
http://mediaclub.tv/announce # registered torrents
http://mediaclub.tv/announce.php # registered torrents
http://metal.iplay.ro/announce.php # registered torrents
http://milliontorrent.pl/announce.php # registered torrents
http://proaudiotorrents.org/announce.php # registered torrents
http://tc-boxing.com/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.bitseduce.com/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.biztorrents.com/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.thetradersden.org/forums/tracker/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.yuwabits.net/announce.php # registered torrents
http://baibako.tv/announce # registered torrents
http://bluebird-hd.org/announce.php # registered torrents
http://data-bg.net/announce.php # registered torrents
http://kinorun.com/announce.php # registered torrents
http://tracker.tambovnet.org/announce.php # registered torrents
http://uatracker.net/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.siambt.com/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.worldboxingvideoarchive.com/announce.php # registered torrents
http://bt.edwardk.info:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://bt.edwardk.info:4040/announce # registered torrents
http://bt2.edwardk.info:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://bt2.edwardk.info:4040/announce # registered torrents
http://bt2.edwardk.info:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://open.nyaatorrents.info:6544/announce # registered torrents
http://open.lolicon.eu:7777/announce # registered torrents
http://torrent.resonatingmedia.com:6969/announce # registered torrents
https://torrent.ubuntu.com:443/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.dm258.cn:7070/announce # registered torrents
http://open.touki.ru:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://bt.edwardk.info:6767/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.enitin.xyz:80/announce # redirects to https://tracker.enitin.xyz/announce
http://opentrackr.org:1337/announce # duplicate of http://tracker.opentrackr.org:1337/announce
http://www.peckservers.com:9000/announce # duplicate of http://tracker.peckservers.com:9000/announce
http://tracker.internetwarriors.net:1337/announce # duplicate of http://open.tracker.cl:1337/announce
udp://tracker.internetwarriors.net:1337/announce # duplicate of udp://open.tracker.cl:1337/announce
http://bt.edwardk.info:676/announce # duplicate of http://bt.edwardk.info:6767/announce
http://bt.edwardk.info:63124/announce # duplicate of http://bt.edwardk.info:6767/announce
http://bt.edwardk.info:12891/announce # duplicate of http://bt.edwardk.info:6767/announce
https://tracker1.520.jp:443/announce # duplicate of http://tracker.opentrackr.org:1337/announce
http://y.paranoid.agency:6969/announce # duplicate of http://x.paranoid.agency:6969/announce
http://z.paranoid.agency:6969/announce # duplicate of http://x.paranoid.agency:6969/announce
udp://z.paranoid.agency:6969/announce # duplicate of udp://x.paranoid.agency:6969/announce
udp://y.paranoid.agency:6969/announce # duplicate of udp://x.paranoid.agency:6969/announce
udp://y.t-1.org:6969/announce # duplicate of udp://x.t-1.org:6969/announce
udp://tk1.trackerservers.com:8080/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker2.itzmx.com:6961/announce
udp://t.zerg.pw:1337/announce # duplicate of udp://t.zerg.pw:6969
udp://t1.leech.ie:1337/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.leech.ie:1337/announce
udp://t2.leech.ie:1337/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.leech.ie:1337/announce
udp://t3.leech.ie:1337/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.leech.ie:1337/announce
udp://9.rarbg.to:2710/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.to:2730/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.to:2740/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.to:2720/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.to:2770/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.to:2790/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.to:2800/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.me:2780/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.me:2770/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.me:2730/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.me:2740/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.me:2720/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.me:2750/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.me:2800/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.me:2820/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.com:2710/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.com:2770/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.com:2800/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.com:2730/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.com:2740/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.com:2750/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.com:2790/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.me:2790/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.to:2750/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://7.rarbg.me:2710/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://7.rarbg.to:2710/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://8.rarbg.com:2710/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://8.rarbg.to:2710/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.to:2780/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.com:2780/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.com:2720/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.to:2920/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.com:2860/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.com:2820/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.com:2850/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.com:2880/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.com:2940/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.com:2950/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.me:2910/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.to:2830/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://9.rarbg.to:2990/announce # duplicate of udp://9.rarbg.com:2810/announce
udp://tracker.fatkhoala.org:13720/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.fatkhoala.org:13710/announce
udp://tracker.fatkhoala.org:13740/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.fatkhoala.org:13710/announce
udp://tracker.fatkhoala.org:13750/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.fatkhoala.org:13710/announce
udp://tracker.fatkhoala.org:13790/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.fatkhoala.org:13710/announce
udp://tracker.tallpenguin.org:15710/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.fatkhoala.org:13710/announce
udp://tracker.tallpenguin.org:15730/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.fatkhoala.org:13710/announce
udp://tracker.tallpenguin.org:15750/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.fatkhoala.org:13710/announce
udp://tracker.tallpenguin.org:15770/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.fatkhoala.org:13710/announce
udp://tracker.tallpenguin.org:15800/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.fatkhoala.org:13710/announce
udp://tracker-de.ololosh.space:6969/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.ololosh.space:6969/announce
udp://tracker.dler.com:6969/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.dler.org:6969/announce
udp://tracker2.dler.com:80/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker2.dler.org:80/announce
http://bz.tracker.bz:80/announce # duplicate of http://tracker.bz:80/announce
http://openbittorrent.com:80/announce # duplicate of http://tracker.openbittorrent.com:80/announce
udp://retracker.lanta-net.ru:2710/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker4.itzmx.com:2710/announce
udp://openbittorrent.com:80/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.openbittorrent.com:80/announce
udp://tracker.openbittorrent.com:80/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.openbittorrent.com:80/announce
udp://opentrackr.org:1337/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.opentrackr.org:1337/announce
udp://sugoi.pomf.se:80/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.pomf.se:80/announce
http://tracker4.itzmx.com:6961/announce # duplicate of http://tracker4.itzmx.com:2710/announce
http://tracker3.itzmx.com:8080/announce # duplicate of http://tracker3.itzmx.com:6961/announce
udp://tracker.coppersurfer.tk:80/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.coppersurfer.tk:6969/announce
udp://tracker.coppersurfer.tk:1337/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.coppersurfer.tk:6969/announce
udp://tracker.pirateparty.gr:6969/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.coppersurfer.tk:6969/announce
http://tracker.electro-torrent.pl:80/announce # duplicate of http://tracker.torrentyorg.pl:80/announce
udp://denis.stalker.upeer.me:1337/announce # duplicate of udp://denis.stalker.upeer.me:6969/announce
https://tracker.torrentsnows.com:443/announce # registered torrents
http://torrent.fedoraproject.org:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://torrent.mp3quran.net:80/announce.php # registered torrents
wss://peertube.cpy.re:443/tracker/socket # registered torrents
http://bt.3dmgame.com:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://bt.ali213.net:8000/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.ali213.net:8000/announce # registered torrents
http://bt.firebit.org:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://concen.org:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://datascene.net:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.zone-torrent.net:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://tracker.kali.org:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.etree.org:6969/announce # registered torrents
udp://www.mvgroup.org:2710/announce # registered torrents
http://www.megatorrents.kg:80/announce.php # registered torrents
udp://torrents.artixlinux.org:6969/announce # registered torrents
udp://tracker.open-internet.nl:6969/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.leechers-paradise.org:6969/announce
http://share.camoe.cn:8080/announce # duplicate of http://t.acg.rip:6699/announce
http://pow7.com:80/announce # malfunction issue #374
udp://pow7.com:80/announce # malfunction issue #374
http://atrack.pow7.com:80/announce # duplicate of http://pow7.com:80/announce
http://t2.pow7.com:80/announce # duplicate of http://pow7.com:80/announce
http://secure.pow7.com:80/announce # duplicate of http://pow7.com:80/announce
http://t1.pow7.com:80/announce # duplicate of http://pow7.com:80/announce
http://tracker.pow7.com:80/announce # duplicate of http://pow7.com:80/announce
http://opentracker.acgnx.com:6869/announce # duplicate of http://tracker.acgnx.se:80/announce
udp://tracker.btsync.gq:233/announce # duplicate of udp://qg.lorzl.gq:2710/announce
udp://tracker.btsync.gq:2710/announce # duplicate of udp://qg.lorzl.gq:2710/announce
udp://tracker.btsync.gq:6969/announce # duplicate of udp://qg.lorzl.gq:2710/announce
udp://qg.lorzl.gq:233/announce # duplicate of udp://qg.lorzl.gq:2710/announce
udp://qg.lorzl.gq:6969/announce # duplicate of udp://qg.lorzl.gq:2710/announce
http://tracker.skyts.cn:6969/announce # duplicate of http://open.tracker.ink:6969/announce & http://tracker.skyts.net:6969/announce
udp://tracker.gbitt.info:80/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker-udp.gbitt.info:80/announce
udp://tracker.sbsub.com:2710/announce # duplicate of udp://retracker.lanta-net.ru:2710/announce
http://tracker3.dler.org:2710/announce # duplicate of http://tracker.dler.org:6969/announce
http://tracker4.dler.org:6969/announce # duplicate of http://tracker.dler.org:6969/announce
udp://tracker7.dler.org:6969/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker6.dler.org:2710/announce
https://t1.leech.ie:443/announce # deprecated by owner
https://t2.leech.ie:443/announce # deprecated by owner
https://t3.leech.ie:443/announce # deprecated by owner
http://t1.leech.ie:80/announce # deprecated by owner
http://t2.leech.ie:80/announce # deprecated by owner
http://t3.leech.ie:80/announce # deprecated by owner
wss://ws.peer.ooo:443/announce # deprecated by owner
http://tracker.nighthawk.pw:4201/announce # duplicate of http://tracker.nighthawk.pw:2052/announce
udp://tracker.nighthawk.pw:4201/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.nighthawk.pw:2052/announce
ws://tracker.nighthawk.pw:4201/announce # duplicate of ws://tracker.nighthawk.pw:2052/announce
https://tracker1.520.jp:443/announce # duplicate of http://tracker.opentrackr.org:1337/announce
https://tracker1.ctix.cn:443/announce # duplicate of http://tracker.opentrackr.org:1337/announce
https://tracker2.ctix.cn:443/announce # duplicate of http://tracker.opentrackr.org:1337/announce
http://tracker.fansub.id:80/announce # duplicate of https://tracker.fansub.id:443/announce
https://1337.abcvg.info:443/announce # duplicate of http://1337.abcvg.info:80/announce
http://masters-tb.com:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://mixfiend.com:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://mvgforumtracker.mvgroup.org:80/tracker.php/announce # registered torrents
http://bluebird-hd.org:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://torrent.unix-ag.uni-kl.de:80/announce # registered torrents
http://torrents.hikarinokiseki.com:6969/announce # registered torrents
http://tracker.tambovnet.org:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://tracker.torrentbytes.net:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://tracker.trancetraffic.com:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.mvgroup.org:80/tracker.php/announce # registered torrents
http://t.acg.rip:6699/announce # registered torrents
http://www.shnflac.net:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.tribalmixes.com:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.worldboxingvideoarchive.com:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://www.xwt-classics.net:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://xtremewrestlingtorrents.net:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://proaudiotorrents.org:80/announce.php # registered torrents
http://tracker.frozen-layer.com:6969/announce # registered torrents
https://t.btcland.xyz:443/announce # detected as suspicious
https://tracker.lilithraws.cf:443/announce # duplicate of https://tracker.lilithraws.org:443/announce
udp://www.torrent.eu.org:451/announce # duplicate of udp://tracker.torrent.eu.org:451/announce
https://trackers.mlsub.net:443/announce # duplicate of https://tracker.mlsub.net:443/announce
# Privacy
.checkfront.com/lib/Control.Geocoder*.js$script
.checkfront.com/reserve/lib/jquery.cookie*.js$script
/fingerprintjs2$script
/fp.js$script
/loginmanager_sniff.js$script
! ||dailykarma.io^$3p
! ||appleid.cdn-apple.com$domain=~apple.com|~icloud.com|~x.com|~twitter.com
||accessibly.app^$3p
||assets.dailykarma.io^$3p
||0dcde44a41.com^
||1105media.com^$3p
||2mdn.net^$3p
||2o7.net^
||7882f4ee63.com^
||a2sky.com^$3p
||ablestar.app^$3p
||ad.exilio.net^
||addthis.com^
||adicio.com^$3p
||adjust.com^$3p
||adnxs.com^$3p
||adsensecustomsearchads.com^
||adserver.yahoo.com^
||adsessionserv.com^
||adskeeper.co.uk^$3p
||advertising.com^$document
||agilemeasure.com^$3p
||alooma.com^$3p
||amospalla.es^
||animenewsnetwork.com/logger.performance^$1p
||animenewsnetwork.com/sponsor/$1p
||anlcld.com^
||anyroad.com^$3p
||aolcdn.com/ads/$3p,script
||api.github.com/_private/browser/errors^
||api.stacksocial.com^
||app-measurement.com^
||arc.io^
||arctur.^$3p
||askmediagroup.com^$3p
||attn.tv^$3p
||automizely.com^$3p
||avada-tag-manager.firebaseapp.com^$3p
||avada.io^$3p
||b7b06aa9a2.com
||backinstock.org^$3p
||baidu.com^$3p
||bbb.org^$3p
||beddoe.com^$3p
||beehaw.org^$3p
||bestofmedia.com^$3p
||beta-testing-shopify-tracker.s3.amazonaws.com^$3p
||bf-ad.net^
||bimbolive.com^$3p
||bizzabo.com^$3p
||blitzen.com^$3p
||blogsmithmedia.com^$3p,xhr
||bloomapp-production.herokuapp.com^$3p
||boldapps.net^$3p
||bookthatapp.com^$3p
||booster3000.si^$3p
||botframework.com^$3p
||branch.io^$3p
||budget.com^$3p
||buymeacoffee.com^$3p
||bytecache.ml^
||calculoid.com^$3p,script
||capturehighered.net^$3p
||cbox.ws^$3p
||cbsinteractive.com^$domain=~etonline.com
! https://github.com/yokoffing/Betterfox/issues/322
!||cdn.privacy.paramount.com^$3p
||cdn.ravenjs.com^$3p,script
||channelsight.com^$xhr
||chatango.com^$3p
||chatbro.com^$3p
||chimpstatic.com^$3p
||christianbook.com^$3p
||cigevo.uno^$3p
||cleantalk.org^
||clipboardjs.com^$3p
||cloudinary.com^$3p,~image
||cnstrc.com^
||coinmarketcap.com^$3p
||concert.io^$3p
||connect.getflowbox.com^$3p
||conscent.in^$3p
||consensu.org^$redirect=noopjs
||contentpass.net^
||coordinatedcub.com^$3p
||custobar.com^$3p
||crazyrocket.io^$3p
||creditsyard.com^$3p
||d77cf8b870.com^
||datadoghq-browser-agent.com^
||datadoghq.com^$domain=~docs.datadoghq.com
||deadlinefunnel.com^$3p
||decacopy.com^
||delvenetworks.com^$3p,script
||disqus.com^$3p
||disquscdn.com^$3p
||dmca.com^$3p
||dmgmediaprivacy.co.uk^$3p
||donorbox.org^$3p
||dowjoneson.com^$3p
! ||dropbox-dns.com$domain=~dropbox.com|~dropbox-dns.com
! ||dropbox.com$domain=~dropbox.com|~dropbox-dns.com|~formswift.com
||dropbox-dns.com^$3p,domain=~dropbox.com|~dropbox-dns.com|~formswift.com
||dropbox.com^$3p,domain=~dropbox.com|~dropbox-dns.com|~formswift.com
! ||dropboxusercontent.com$domain=~dropbox.com|~dropbox-dns.com|~uniquestream.net
||drtuber.desi^$3p
||duckduckgo.com^$3p,domain=~duckduckgo.com|~spreadprivacy.com
||eagleapi.io^
||emailsnow.info^
||evidon.com^$3p
||exosrv.com^$3p
||fbot.me^$3p
||feedgrabbr.com^$3p
||flippback.com^$3p
||forbes.com^$3p,domain=quora.com
||freshworks.com^$3p
||foxnews.com^$3p,domain=~foxnews.com
||fundraiseup.com^$3p
||future-fie-assets.co.uk^$3p
||future-fie.co.uk^
||future.net.uk^$3p,~script
||futurecdn.net^$xhr
||geniuslinkcdn.com^$3p
||geo.cnbc.com^
||geo.lovely-app.com^
||geolocation.nexusmedia.workers.dev^
||get-native.eu^$3p
||getmetrical.com^$3p
||getmulberry.com^$3p
||getsentry.com^$3p
||getsitecontrol.com^$3p
||gleamjs.io^
||gravatar.com^$domain=~gravatar.com
||gravity-software.com^$3p
||groupbycloud.com^$3p
! ||guim.co.uk^$3p,script
||hawk-assets.co.uk^
||hawk-tech.co.uk^
||hawksearch.com^$3p
||hextom.com^$3p
||hollywoodreporter.com/fe_data/$1p,xmlhttprequest
||hotjar-analytics.com^
||hubspot.com^$3p
||hudo.com^$inline-script
||iheart.com^$all,domain=~iheart.com
||incartupsell.com^$3p
||influglue.com^$3p
||inspectlet.com^$3p
||inswebt.com^
||intercom.com^$3p,domain=~koinly.io
||ip.sp^
||ipgeolocation.io^
||iprom.net^$3p
||ipromcloud.com^$3p
||jetbluevacations.com^$3p
||jetlore.com^$3p
||js.partnerstack.com^$3p
||js.testfreaks.com^$3p
||judge.me^$3p
||jwp*.com^$3p,~script,~media,~image
||kme.si^$3p,~image
||knowyourapps.com^$3p
||kount.com^$3p
||kount.net^$3p
||kustomerapp.com^$3p
||leadsdome.com^
||letspin.io^$3p
||limelight.com^$3p,script
||list-manage.com^$3p
||livechat.ivpn.net^
||livenetlife.com^$3p
||liveperson.net^$3p
||lmaxdigital.io
||loox.io^$3p
||lowfruitsolutions.com^$3p
||loyaltylion.net^$3p
||lpsnmedia.net^$3p
||lr-hv-in.com^$3p
||lr-in.com^$3p
||lura.live^$3p
||mailchimp.com^$3p
||marketingautomation.services^$3p
||marketo.com^
||maze.co^$3p
||media.licdn.com^$domain=~licdn.com|~linkedin.com
||medium.com^$3p,~script,~image
||memberful.com^$3p
||metrics.foursixty.com^
||mgid.com^$3p
||mimecast.com^$3p
||moengage.com^$3p
||montangop.top^
||montiapm.com^$3p
||moonpay.io^$all
||mountain.com^$3p
||msgstore.www.notion.so^$all
||myanimelist.net^*/event/$image
||nepremicnine.net^$3p
||newsoveraudio.com^$3p
||nfcube.com^$3p
||nir.regmedia.co.uk^$3p
||nitroapps.co^$3p
||nmaib9.com^$3p
||npttech.com^$3p
||nsimg.net
||ntv.io^$3p
||nvidpn.com^$3p
||oath.com^$3p
||octaneai.com^$3p
||ogvaruvlkdsm.com^
||okendo.io^$3p
||oko.net^$3p
||olark.com^$3p
||omnivirt.com^$3p
||oneall.com^$3p
||opta.net^
||opumo.net^$3p
||origin.com^$3p,domain=origin.com
||outbrain.com^$3p
||p-n.io^$3p
||paht.tech^
||paisly.com^$3p
||paradox.ai^$all
||paywall-prod.appspot.com^
||paywall.theathletic.com^
||piano.io$3p
||pkmods.com$inline-script
||pmcatalyst-ae.com^$3p
||polyfill.io^$3p
||popupmaker.com^$3p
||pristopmedia.network^
||pushance.com^$3p
||qq.com^$3p
||quantserve.com^$3p
||readcomiconline.*/Ads/
||readcomiconline.*/wp-includes/*/*.html$subdocument,1p
||rebuyengine.com^$3p
||recommendation-hybrid.wpdigital.net^$all
||refer.bose.com^
||rtyche.com^$3p
||s.aolcdn.com/ads/$3p,script
||salesforceliveagent.com^$3p
||sandsiv.com^$3p
||scroll.com^$3p
||sdk.asapp.com^
||sealsubscriptions.com^$3p
||search.brave.com/api/feedback^
||secomapp.com^$3p
||secondego.com^$3p
||securemetrics.apple.com^$3p
||segment.com^
||servebom.com^$3p
||services.wikia.com^
||share.qvcemail.com^
||shutterstock.com^$3p
||simplecast.com^$3p
||sitebot.ai^$3p
||skiocheck.com^$3p
||slack.com/api/promo.banner^
||slack.com/api/ublockworkaround^
||smartfocus.com^$3p
||smile.io^$3p
||smind.com^$3p
||smsbump.com^$3p
||snapkit.com^$3p
||sni.star.24ur.com.c.footprint.net^$media
||soap2day.to^$3p
||soapps.net^$3p
||socialshopwave.com^$3p
||spot.im^$3p
||startpage.com/do/$image
||startpage.com/english/$image
||startpage.com/tst2/$image
||storage.ko-fi.com^$3p
||stkbl.app^$3p
||streetmetrics.io^$3p
||strike.fox.com^$3p
||syndetics.com^$3p
||taboola.com^$3p
||tags.news.com.au^
||talk.hyvor.com^$3p
||tawk.to^$3p
||teams.microsoft.com^$3p,domain=~microsoft.com|~office.com|~live.com
||teletarget.ru^
||thanhhd.com^$3p
||themessagecloud.com^$3p
||thunderhead.com^$3p
||ti-media.net^$~stylesheet,~image
||tinymce.com^$3p
||tinypass.com^
||titsx.com^$3p
||tradingview.com^$3p
||tripadvisor.com^$3p
||trust-provider.com^
||trustarc.com^$3p
||truste.com^$3p
||trustpilot.com^$3p
||trustx.org^$3p
||tsmedia.si^$3p
||tsyndicate.com^$3p
||turnto.com^$3p
||typekit.net^
||typography.com^$3p,~stylesheet,~xhr
||ubembed.com^
||upscore.com^$3p
||urbanairship.com^$3p
||viafoura.co^$3p
||viafoura.net^$3p
||vk.com^$3p,domain=~vk.me
||vuukle.com^$3p
||wibbitz.com^$3p
||widgets.automizely.com^$3p
||widgets.guidestar.org^
||yahoo.com^$3p,~image,domain=~aol.*|~yahoo.com
||yandex.ru^$3p,domain=~dzen.ru
||yottaa.com^$3p
||yottlyscript.com^$3p
||slickstream.com^$3p,domain=~slickstream.com
||sitescdn.net^$3p
||addsearch.com^$3p
9anime.*##+js(nosiif, (t))
fmovies.*##+js(nosiif, try)
!!! https://github.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/commit/9c48940838eb4bff98f2a1a9b9cba1b92c3c8c9a
! ||tags.tiqcdn.com^
||paykickstart.com^$3p
||pressplay.io^$3p
||convertkit.com^$3p
||grow.me^$3p
||getgobot.com^$3p
||twitcount.com^$3p
||launchpotato.com^$3p
||doctify.com^$3p
! https://camerareadycosmetics.com/
||minmaxify.com^$3p
||pwztag.com^$3p
||beacon.kendall.ai^$3p
||orderdeadline.com^$3p
||soundestlink.com^$3p
||thimatic-apps.com^$3p
||revenuehunt.com^$3p
||omnisnippet1.com$3p
||freegifts.io^$3p

! GENERAL ALLOWLIST
! https://github.com/crssi/Firefox/blob/master/uBO-Unbreak.txt
@@*/lwa/WebPages/LwaClient.aspx$subdocument
@@*/saml/$subdocument
@@/clarity-*.js$1p,script
@@/share-link-$1p,xhr
@@||a-msedge.net^$domain=bing.com
@@||advertising.com^$1p
@@||alexa.com^$1p
@@||amzn.to^$1p
@@||assets-jpcust.jwpsrv.com^$image
@@||bing.com/maps^
@@||bing.com/api/maps^
@@||r.bing.com/rp^
@@||th.bing.com^
@@||cbsi.com/dist/optanon.js$script
@@||cdn-apple.com^$domain=apple.com|icloud.com
@@||consent.cookiebot.com^$script,domain=adjust.com
@@||contextual.media.net^$script
@@||dropboxstatic.com/*/social_icon$stylesheet,domain=dropbox.com
@@||e.infogram.com/js/dist/embed.js$script
@@||e.infogram.com^$subdocument
@@||mailchimp.com^$3p,~image
@@||omara.cdn-cnj.si^$script
! @@||paypal.com^$subdocument,popup
@@||play.vidyard.com^$subdocument,script
@@||pov.spectrum.net^
@@||secure.gravatar.com^$image,stylesheet
@@||udimg.com^$1p
@@||udimg.com^$domain=urbandictionary.com
! https://github.com/yokoffing/filterlists/issues/98
@@||use.typekit.net^$script,font

! GOOGLE
||accounts.google.com^$3p,domain=~youtube.com|~twitter.com|~x.com
||ampcid.google.com^$important
||contributor.google.com^$3p
||doubleclickbygoogle.com^$3p
||firebase.com^$3p
||firebase.googleapis.com^
||firebaseinstallations.googleapis.com^
||google-analytics.com^$3p,important
||google.com/cse/cse.js^
! ||google.com^$3p,domain=~abc.xyz|~blackdog.ie|~cbsnews.com|~chromium.org|~developer.android.com|~flippity.net|~graysky.app|~gstatic.com|~gptgo.ai|~nest.com|~oldgoogle.neocities.org|~translate.google.com|~youtube-nocookie.com|~youtube.com|~youtube.googleapis.com
||google.com/shopping/merchantverse^$3p
||googleadservices.com^$3p,important
||googlesyndication.com^$important
||googletagmanager.com^$important
||googletagservices.com^$important
! https://github.com/badmojr/1Hosts/issues/1227
! ||jnn-pa.googleapis.com^$domain=~drive.google.com|~youtube.com
||news.google.com^$3p
! https://github.com/yokoffing/Betterfox/issues/323
! ||play.google.com/log?$xmlhttprequest,important
||play.google.com^$3p,domain=~graysky.app
||scholar.google.com^$3p,domain=~google.com
! ||youtube.com/error_204?^$xhr
! ||youtube.com/youtubei/v1/log_event^$xhr
@@||accounts.google.*/ServiceLogin$subdocument
@@||apis.google.com^
! @@||apis.google.com^$script,domain=content.googleapis.com|dropbox.com|pathbuilder2e.com
@@||appspot.com^$subdocument,domain=cloud.google.com
@@||blogger.*.google.com^$domain=blogspot.com
@@||blogger.*.google.com^$subdocument
@@||blogger.com/comment-iframe.$subdocument
@@||consent.google.com^$subdocument
@@||docs.google.com^$subdocument,domain=dropbox.com
@@||drive.google.com^$image
@@||google-analytics.com/analytics.js$script,domain=amainhobbies.com
! @@||google.com/maps/$subdocument
@@||google.com/recaptcha
! @@||google.com/recaptcha/$subdocument
! @@||google.com/recaptcha/api.js$script
@@||google.com^$script,domain=youtube.com
@@||google*.^$domain=youtube.com|youtube-nocookie.com
@@||google.com/uds/*visualization$script,stylesheet
@@||gstaticadssl.*.google.com^$font
! @@||maps-api-ssl.google.com^$script,image
! @@||maps.google.*/maps$script,image
! @@||maps.googleapis.com/maps$script,image,xhr
@@||mapsengine.google.com/map/embed$subdocument
@@||youtube-ui.*.google.com^$subdocument,script
@@||ytimg.*.google.com^$image
@@||ytimg.com^$script
! Fix sites that use built-in Google search
! https://github.com/yokoffing/filterlists/issues/170
@@||google.com/cse/static^
@@||cse.google.com/cse^
!@@||clients1.google.com^

! FACEBOOK
! Logins (maybe more)
||connect.facebook.net^$3p,domain=~atlassolutions.com|~facebook.com|~facebook.de|~facebook.fr|~facebook.net|~fb.com|~fb.me|~fbcdn.net|~fbsbx.com|~friendfeed.com|~instagram.com|~internalfb.com|~messenger.com|~oculus.com|~whatsapp.com|~workplace.com
||connect.facebook.com^$3p,domain=~atlassolutions.com|~facebook.com|~facebook.de|~facebook.fr|~facebook.net|~fb.com|~fb.me|~fbcdn.net|~fbsbx.com|~friendfeed.com|~instagram.com|~internalfb.com|~messenger.com|~oculus.com|~whatsapp.com|~workplace.com
! Facebook Plugins (3rd-party embedded plugins)
||facebook.com/plugins/$3p,domain=~atlassolutions.com|~facebook.com|~facebook.de|~facebook.fr|~facebook.net|~fb.com|~fb.me|~fbcdn.net|~fbsbx.com|~friendfeed.com|~instagram.com|~internalfb.com|~messenger.com|~oculus.com|~whatsapp.com|~workplace.com
! ||fbcdn.net^$3p
! @@||fbcdn.net^$3p,domain=facebook.com|instagram.com|messenger.com|workplace.com|oculus.com|oculusvr.com|oculusbrand.com|oculusforbusiness.com|onavo.com
! @@||fbcdn.net^$image,media

! INSTAGRAM
||graph.facebook.com^$3p,domain=~atlassolutions.com|~facebook.com|~facebook.de|~facebook.fr|~facebook.net|~fb.com|~fb.me|~fbcdn.net|~fbsbx.com|~friendfeed.com|~instagram.com|~internalfb.com|~messenger.com|~oculus.com|~whatsapp.com|~workplace.com
||graph.facebook.com/logging_client_events
||graph.facebook.com/?ids=*&callback=$script,3p
||graph.facebook.com/*/activities?access_token=&event=
||graph.facebook.com/*?fields=supports_implicit_sdk_logging
! ||graph.facebook.com^$domain=~facebook.com|~instagram.com
! ||graph.instagram.com^$domain=~facebook.com|~instagram.com
||instagram.com^$3p,~subdocument
@@||instagram.com/p/$subdocument
@@||instagram.com^$script
@@||-instagram.*.facebook.com^$subdocument

! TWITTER
||api.twitter.com^$3p,domain=~x.com|~tweetdeck.com|~twitter.com|~twitter.jp
||platform.twitter.com^$3p,domain=~x.com|~tweetdeck.com|~twitter.com|~twitter.jp
||twitter.com^$3p,domain=~x.com
||syndication.twitter.com^
||t.co^$3p,domain=~x.com|~twitter.com
!#if ext_ublock
platform.twitter.com##+js(cookie-remover, /^/)
! Attempt to use uBO to remove cookies caused by Twitter
!#endif
@@||platform.twitter.com/embed/$subdocument
@@||platform.twitter.com/widgets/$subdocument
@@||platform.twitter.com^$stylesheet,image,script
@@||twimg.com^$image
@@||twitter.com/i/videos/$subdocument
@@||twitter.map.fastly.net^$domain=twitter.com
! Breaks Twitter widget using Fanboy Annoyance
! https://www.cnet.com/news/social-media/twitter-musk-news-timeline-riptwitter-trends-after-employees-resign/
@@.twitterContainer

! TIKTOK
!||tiktok.com^$3p
||ibytedtos.com^$3p,domain=~tiktok.com

! LINKEDIN
||licdn.com^$3p,domain=~linkedin.com|~lnkd.in
||linkedin.com^$3p

! PINTEREST
||pinterest.com^$3p

! TWITCH
||twitch.tv^$3p,domain=~twitch.tv

! DISCORD
@@||cdn.discordapp.com^$image
||discord.com^$3p,domain=~discohook.org|~scam.gay
||discordapp.com^$3p,domain=~discohook.org|~discord.com|~discordpackage.com|~mee6.xyz|~scam.gay

! 3rd-party Payment Vendors / "Buy Now, Pay Later":
||global-e.com^$3p
||static.rechargecdn.com^$3p
! ||getcatch.com^$3p
||js.getcatch.com^$3p
||pay.google.com^$3p
||payments-amazon.com^$3p
||affirm.com$3p
||afterpay.com^$3p
||shoprunner.com^$3p
||amazonpay.com^$3p
||payments.amazon.com^$3p
||sezzle.com^$3p
||treat.xyz^$3p
||klarna.com^$3p
||klarnacdn.net^$3p
||klarnaservices.com^$3p
||preorder-now.herokuapp.com^$3p
||razorpay.com^$3p,domain=~redtape.com
@@||checkout.razorpay.com^
||quadpay.com^$3p
||shop.app^$3p
||shopbonsai.ca^$3p
||shopcircleapp.co^$3p
||shopifycloud.com^$3p
||shopifysvc.com^$3p
! Shopify
||juniphq.com^$3p
||postscript.io^$3p
||shoplift.ai$3p
/AdditionalGoogleAnalyticsScriptSandbox
/GooglePayButton
/FacebookPayButton
! /ShopPay
!||stripe.com^$3p,domain=~curesarcoma.org|~koinly.io|~patreon.com|~nextdns.io|~controld.com|~quetext.com
!||js.stripe.com^,domain=~curesarcoma.org|~koinly.io|~patreon.com|~nextdns.io|~controld.com|~quetext.com

! https://satechi.net/products/dual-dock-stand-docking-station-with-nvme-ssd-enclosure/Z2lkOi8vc2hvcGlmeS9Qcm9kdWN0VmFyaWFudC80MDIwNzQ3NjA2NDM0NA==?queryID=fba5c590bd81e82f25714caf8c3407eb
||buywithprime.amazon.com^$3p
||amazon-omni-cdn.com^$3p
||wisepops.net^$3p

! Blocks Paypal and Express Checkouts using Shopify:
! ||paypal.com^$3p,domain=~ebay.com|~paypal.com|~ticketmaster.com|~form.jotform.com
! ||paypalobjects.com^$domain=~ebay.com|~paypal.com|~ticketmaster.com

! Apple Pay
! ||applepay.cdn-apple.com$domain=~apple.com|~icloud.com

! 3p PAYMENT / LOGIN
##shopify-payment-terms
##.additional-checkout-buttons.grid__item
! 3p sign-in buttons
##.sign-in-google-btn
##.google.primary.auth
##.apple.primary.auth
##.facebook-auth
##.google-auth
##._btn-google.social-button
##._btn-apple.social-button
##.afterpay__wrapper
##.dynamic-checkout__buttons
##.shopify-payment-button
###googleContainer
###apple-signin-button
##.cl-socialButtons
! Google sign-in on Indeed
indeed.com##.icl-Card

! BING
||bing.com^$3p,domain=~bing.com|~login.live.com|~microsoft.com|~msn.com
! https://github.com/AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters/issues/126174
||bing.com/fd/ls/lsp.aspx$badfilter
@@||bing.com/fd/ls/GLinkPing.aspx?
! Bing reverse image search broken by EL
bing.com#@#a[href*="/aclick?ld="]
bing.com##.ins_exp.vsp
! https://github.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/issues/9093
bing.com##:matches-path(~/shop) a[href*="/aclick?"]:not(.vsp_ads)
! https://github.com/easylist/easylist/issues/7240
!#if env_firefox
bing.com##+js(nosiif, logQueue, 10000)
!#endif
! EP - needed for Bing rewards?
@@||bing.com/rewardsapp/reportactivity?

! Microsoft Outlook breakage
@@||pipe.aria.microsoft.com^$domain=outlook.live.com|outlook.office.com
@@||browser.events.data.microsoft.com^$domain=outlook.live.com|outlook.office.com

! from https://github.com/crssi/Firefox/blob/master/uBO-Cosmetic.txt
! EasyPrivacy
/log?entry=$badfilter,domain=outlook.office.com
/postlog?$badfilter,domain=outlook.office.com
||bing.com/fd/ls/lsp.aspx$badfilter,domain=outlook.office.com
||data.microsoft.com/OneCollector/$badfilter,domain=outlook.office.com
||fp.measure.office.com^$badfilter,domain=outlook.office.com
||microsoft.com/collector/$badfilter,domain=outlook.office.com
||visualstudio.com/v*/track$3p,badfilter,domain=outlook.office.com
||visualstudio.com/v2/track$3p,badfilter,domain=outlook.office.com
! AdGuard Tracking Protection
||dc.services.visualstudio.com/*/track$badfilter,domain=outlook.office.com
||dc.services.visualstudio.com/v2/track$badfilter,domain=outlook.office.com
||virtualearth.net/webservices/v*/loggingservice/loggingservice.svc/log?entry=$badfilter,domain=outlook.office.com

! NYT
! ||myaccount.nytimes.com^
||messaging-notifications.api.nytimes.com^

! HuffPost
||mapi.huffpost.com^

! WP
||talk.washingtonpost.com^
||washingtonpost.com/subscribe/
||subscribe.washingtonpost.com^
||washingtonpost.com/pwapiv2/$xhr,1p

! AMAZON
www.amazon.*###universal-detail-ilm,.a-spacing-none.a-section > .sg-row,.AdHolder,#percolate-ui-ilm_div > .celwidget:remove()
@@||amazon.*/*uedata$image,1p,badfilter

! To access Mozilla reports
||telemetry.mozilla.org^$badfilter

! https://github.com/easylist/easylist/issues/16298
||connatix.com/scripts^

! https://connatix.com/advertisers
||neverbounce.com^$3p

! Outbrain
||outbrain.com^$3p,domain=~sphere.com

! Allow YouTube link redirect (Privacy Extended)
@@||youtube.com/redirect?event=*q=http$document

! https://www.vitalydesign.com/pages/contact-us
||ip-api.com^$3p
||marker.io^$3p
||shoplift.ai$3p

!#include antipaywall_filters_without_element_hiding.txt
!#include click2load.txt